[3/3] OSDOCS#16925: Apply CQA for etcd (Backup and restore) (#116891)
openshift/openshift-docs: etcd/etcd-backup-restore/replace-unhealthy-etcd-member.adoc

Reviewer: Whatever changes are made to this file also need to be applied to `backup_and_restore/control_plane_backup_and_restore/replacing-unhealthy-etcd-member.adoc`.

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="replace-unhealthy-etcd-member"]
= Replacing an unhealthy etcd member
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: replace-unhealthy-etcd-member

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]
To restore etcd quorum when a single member is unhealthy, identify the member and determine whether its machine is stopped, its node is not ready, or its pod is crashlooping. You can then follow the replacement procedure that matches that state.

[NOTE]
====

> If you have lost the majority of your control plane hosts, follow the disaster recovery procedure to restore to a previous cluster state instead of this procedure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have lost the majority of your control plane hosts, follow the steps in "Restoring to a previous cluster state" instead of this procedure.
```
Updating the wording to match the title of the link in the "Additional resources" section.

> If the control plane certificates are not valid on the member being replaced, then you must follow the procedure to recover from expired control plane certificates instead of this procedure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the control plane certificates are not valid on the member being replaced, then you must follow the steps in "Recovering from expired control plane certificates" instead of this procedure.
```
Updating wording to match the title of the link in the "Additional resources" section.

If a control plane node is lost and a new one is created, the etcd cluster Operator handles generating the new TLS certificates and adding the node as an etcd member.
====

> == Replacing the unhealthy etcd member

Reviewer: I believe the purpose of this section was originally to link to the various subsections that are mentioned in it. Since we're moving all links to "Additional resources" sections, I think this section (lines 25 - 32) can be removed.

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources

> * xref:../../backup_and_restore/control_plane_backup_and_restore/disaster_recovery/scenario-2-restoring-cluster-state.adoc#dr-restoring-cluster-state[restore to a previous cluster state]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* xref:../../backup_and_restore/control_plane_backup_and_restore/disaster_recovery/scenario-2-restoring-cluster-state.adoc#dr-restoring-cluster-state[Restoring to a previous cluster state]
```
the link text should match the title of the page it links to

> * xref:../../backup_and_restore/control_plane_backup_and_restore/disaster_recovery/scenario-3-expired-certs.adoc#dr-recovering-expired-certs[recover from expired control plane certificates]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* xref:../../backup_and_restore/control_plane_backup_and_restore/disaster_recovery/scenario-3-expired-certs.adoc#dr-recovering-expired-certs[Recovering from expired control plane certificates]
```
